data/README.md, before:

# Data

Data consists in:
- `dungleon_guesses.txt`: a list of 20258 potential guesses, not necessarily valid,
- `dungleon_solutions.seen.txt`: a list of 395 solutions, seen* up to Dungleon n°576 (included) on September 4, 2023,
- `dungleon_solutions.txt`: the exhaustive list of 3268 solutions.

> **Note**
> \* The seen solutions do not include:
> - the anniversary dungeon with the cake character `:ca:`,
> - the 6 dungeons of length 6.

## Credits

Data was compiled by `geekahedron` on the Discord server of Dungleon.

## Legend

### Heroes 🤺 🏹 🧙‍♀️

- `W` `:wa:` 🤺 knight / warrior
- `A` `:ar:` 🏹 archer
- `M` `:ma:` 🧙‍♀️ mage

### Monsters 🦇 🕷️ 👺 👹 💀 👤 🧙‍♂️ 👿 🤡 🐲

- `B` `:ba:` 🦇 bat
- `I` `:sp:` 🕷️ spider
- `G` `:go:` 👺 goblin
- `O` `:or:` 👹 orc
- `S` `:sk:` 💀 skeleton
- `H` `:th:` 👤 bandit / thief
- `X` `:wi:` 🧙‍♂️ evil wizard / sorcerer
- `N` `:ne:` 👿 necromancer
- `T` `:tr:` 🤡 troll
- `D` `:dr:` 🐲 dragon

### NPC 👨‍🌾 👑

- `V` `:vi:` 👨‍🌾 villager
- `K` `:ki:` 👑 king

### Treasures 🟡 💰 🏆

- `E` `:co:` 🟡 coin
- `C` `:ch:` 💰 chest
- `R` `:ty:` 🏆 relic

### Other 🧟 🐸

- `Z` `:zo:` 🧟 zombie
- `F` `:fr:` 🐸 frog

Commit message:

README: mention the removal of the archer-troll solution

data/README.md, after:

# Data

Data consists in:
- `dungleon_guesses.txt`: a list of 20258 potential guesses, not necessarily valid,
- `dungleon_solutions.seen.txt`: a list of 394 solutions, seen* up to Dungleon n°576 (included) on September 4, 2023,
- `dungleon_solutions.txt`: the exhaustive list of 3268 solutions.

> **Note**
> \* The seen solutions do not include:
> - the dungeon with the archer and troll side by side,
> - the anniversary dungeon with the cake character `:ca:`,
> - the 6 dungeons of length 6.

## Credits

Data was compiled by `geekahedron` on the Discord server of Dungleon.

## Legend

### Heroes 🤺 🏹 🧙‍♀️

- `W` `:wa:` 🤺 knight / warrior
- `A` `:ar:` 🏹 archer
- `M` `:ma:` 🧙‍♀️ mage

### Monsters 🦇 🕷️ 👺 👹 💀 👤 🧙‍♂️ 👿 🤡 🐲

- `B` `:ba:` 🦇 bat
- `I` `:sp:` 🕷️ spider
- `G` `:go:` 👺 goblin
- `O` `:or:` 👹 orc
- `S` `:sk:` 💀 skeleton
- `H` `:th:` 👤 bandit / thief
- `X` `:wi:` 🧙‍♂️ evil wizard / sorcerer
- `N` `:ne:` 👿 necromancer
- `T` `:tr:` 🤡 troll
- `D` `:dr:` 🐲 dragon

### NPC 👨‍🌾 👑

- `V` `:vi:` 👨‍🌾 villager
- `K` `:ki:` 👑 king

### Treasures 🟡 💰 🏆

- `E` `:co:` 🟡 coin
- `C` `:ch:` 💰 chest
- `R` `:ty:` 🏆 relic

### Other 🧟 🐸

- `Z` `:zo:` 🧟 zombie
- `F` `:fr:` 🐸 frog
